CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing guidelines

## Setup
Run `npm i` in the root of the project, in order to install all the NPM dependencies

## Compile your code, and build your local reporter
In order to be able to test your latest report changes, please run `npm run build-local-reporter` which will build the code via Babel and will relink the project to the reporter `testcafe-reporter-reportportal-plugin`.
In your tests, make sure you use the report with one of the reporter options [here](https://github.com/danitseitlin/reportportal-testcafe-plugin#use-the-reporter-in-your-testcafe-test-run)

## Running tests
In order to run some tests, you can execute our tests running `npm run e2e-tests` to just run the tests or `npm run run-e2e-tests` that will firstly build the report and relink it before running the tests.
Please look into the `scripts` section of the `package.json` file for more similar test run options, while test script that start with `run` will rebuild and relink and the run the tests, while others will just run the test with the currently linked reporter.

In case you're interested into running the e2e tests on your own Report portal environment, please create a `.env` file located in the root of the repository with the following contents:
```

rdomain="my-rp-domain.com"
rtoken="My personal PR token"
....
Make sure to add all the relevant parameters, for your test.
```

Commit message:

Adding support for local env setup and integration tests (#58)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing guidelines

## Setup
Run `npm i` in the root of the project, in order to install all the NPM dependencies

## Compile your code, and build your local reporter
In order to be able to test your latest report changes, please run `npm run build-local-reporter` which will build the code via Babel and will relink the project to the reporter `testcafe-reporter-reportportal-plugin`.
In your tests, make sure you use the report with one of the reporter options [here](https://github.com/danitseitlin/reportportal-testcafe-plugin#use-the-reporter-in-your-testcafe-test-run)

## Running tests
### Running integration tests
#### Start a local Report portal environment
Run the following commands to setup a local environment of Report Portal -->
* > `npm run download-report-portal-latest-docker-compose-file`<br>//Downloading the latest docker compose file from the report portal master
* > `npm run up`<br>// Start the report portal server. In order to stop the server run npm run down later

#### Running the tests
* Use the template from `.env.integration-tests` and create a `.env` file with the same configuration.
If you're intersted in running the tests on your own external server, please adjust the `.env` file configuration to point to it.
* Run `npm run integration-tests` to run all Integration tests.

#### Login into the UI
* Navigate to http://localhost:8080
* Login into one of the existing usernames:

| User        | Username   | Password |
| ----------- | ---------- | -------- |
| default     | default    | 1q2w3e   |
| super admin | superadmin | erebus   |

The following users are taken from [official docs](https://reportportal.io/docs/Deploy-with-Docker)
#### Cleanup
In order to cleanup you will need to only run `npm run down` or `npm run stop` to stop/teardown all the Report Portal server services.

### Running Unit tests
* Run `npm run run-full-unit-tests` to run all Unit tests.
